pretty much everyone has a crush whether
it's someone you hang out with or maybe
even someone you've only talked to once
yet the fear of rejection and
embarrassment can prevent us from ever
saying how we feel so in the spirit of
being open and vulnerable we decided to
try to convince strangers to call their
crushes and tell them the truth to do so
we teamed up with our friend Natalie who
actually admitted to having a crush on
someone to us earlier but before hitting
the streets we had to start right at
home
[Music]
Marty I'm already seeing my gosh more on
that soon those guys might know do you
have a crush do I have a crush yeah no
actually don't another day another weird
request for a stranger with Natalie
Tasha this lovely lady Instagram stoned
at the end saying I really like your
content let's collaborate than the next
chance possible and the next possible
was just two days later I just thought
that it would be a lot easier to
approach men and women all right that's
their do either of you have any crushes
on anyone think about it there were two
good-looking dudes no I brought your boy
you have a crush
that you like Oh No give me our
challenge for today is to find someone
who is willing to call his or her
[Music]
anymore okay rejection that is all right
do you have a crush on everybody
relationship and on me you guys have any
questions and any ladies okay let's do
it we're fighting right now so I don't
know if it's a good idea okay so it's
your voicemail but I'm leaving her a
nice I know we've been arguing a lot
lately boy I've got a huge crush all
right killed it we're getting there I
just want a girl call up a dude right
now
No you have a crush on someone I oh boy
friends again okay you have a question
someone no no nobody has precious
anymore how about just like the here
amount then there just killed the crush
requested a find a stranger who'd be
willing to call up there okay would you
tell them yeah
we got so much really yeah
do you guys have a crush on someone that
you haven't told yet express your
feeling oh good what about you you like
pizza dude you're gonna be the hero of
this ad visit brick are you just looking
at things in the office and saying that
you love them I'm not trying to put
anyone under any pressure but we don't
have anyone but have you told him
exactly that's the whole point you can
be you can be helping me film this
episode and you haven't even done the
very thing that we're asking people to
do I think it'll be a lot simpler than
what you think it will actually like
take Michael Michael Michael just might
pick up the phone and just give you that
ring so when I told her about the idea
for the episode this is going to be an
interesting one because I literally felt
like I was going to throw up when I read
the word tell your crush to like them it
comes down to your fear of rejection
right true he was the one who told her
about yes there that's sick she said
[ __ ] it she's gonna do it
I'm so proud of you you
nice answer hello hi so you know I said
I was filming that video with yes theory
did I ever tell you what the concept of
the video was so you know what they do
like that thing where they just like ask
strangers to like do random things are
you a rush what are you doing
money waitress anyways he was like I'm
the only one on this planet that
actually has a crush so here is me
telling you that I have a crush on you
but I know you knew that because
everybody in the world has told you okay
so anyways that is that's the point for
my caller okay come on did you she can't
be this is am are speaking right what's
up she's the kind of girl that says yes
and actually lives they s Terry I hope
you you think about what she told you
and get back to her
some other time with a full explanation
what am I saying I love you bye
cool cool there you go Michael I just
exposed myself for the whole internet I
knew I was gonna be his response okay is
he just like that kind of dude all right
I've been number two pennies are you
over Michael we're having open auditions
for we are trying to set up to est fans
on a blind date I think we found the guy